let's bring you some breaking news
coming in there's been an Israeli attack
on a school housing displaced
Palestinians it's happened in the town
of abasan East of Khan Yunis in southern
Gaza at least 20 Palestinians have been
killed 64 in total across the strip in
the past day let's get more now with
hindel she joins us on the line from d
balah in central Gaza so what are you
hearing about this strike near a school
in Khan
Samy so it's another Israeli air strike
and it targeted an entrance a gate of a
school in funes in abasan and let me
remind you that the Israeli forces
called people in draah when the ground
Invasion happened started there they
asked them to move to kanun and most of
these people evacuated to shelters like
Q shelters and schools so especially
before uh night hours Palestinians in
shelters in un schools start getting uh
moving around finishing all their stuff
for the day because they do not move
during the dark so it's very obvious
that this number of casuality is going
to rise because it's an entrance it's
where everyone is moving around children
are playing around and Sammy this is the
fourth attack on a school in the past
couple of days this is happening every
single day now and no one is is is sure
why the Israeli forces are now targeting
all of directly targeting schools and un
shelters they're justifying that every
time they target a school that there's a
Hamas base and that Hamas Fighters are
in there but we see that most of those
who are injured or killed are
Palestinian children and are a
Palestinian
women Palestinians now are terrified
everyone that is Sheltering in a school
are trying to evacuate in a different
area
but Palestinians are left helpless
because they do not know where to go and
nowhere nowhere is safe Sammy what kind
of posture are civilians taking there
now as you said they they went into
schools in Khan unun and in abasan
because they were told to go into these
areas are they do they have any clue
basically what to do next to stay there
to go from there where to
go I me I feel like is horrified
everyone is terrified the Israeli forces
have been trying to squeeze all of the
Palestinians in the middle area inun but
as you see earlier today there was a
Target on abu's family and 17
Palestinians were also killed 14 of
these Palestinians killed are children
and women and now schools have been a
Target but Palestinians do not have any
place to go even agriculture lands empty
lands they're all packed with makeshift
camps now and there's no uh space for
people like even to bring your tent and
to set it up in a place you do not have
space other than the fact that there is
sewage everywhere there's garbage
everywhere so that's why Palestinian
chose to stay in those tents now I'm I'm
sure families are in panic they're
trying to evacuate schools but there are
also left homeless because there's no
place Samy Palestinians do not know
where to go and everywhere is a Target
in the go strip so far hind as you're
talking we're showing what we can of the
latest pictures the there's plenty of
pictures coming in that we simply can't
show they're very
Grizzly and they show a lot of well
frankly remnants of
children perhaps you can give us an
update on the aftermath and the casualty
count I mean the latest word is I think
20 but the pictures suggest that the the
final count and picture is going to be
much more Grizzly than that Samy and not
only that we're talking about the
medical facilities there are running out
of medications like even if the doctors
have the opportunity to save the life of
children or of or of Palestinian
civilians they do not have the
medications to do that so that's why
most of the people who spend hours in
ICU end up dead because there has been
no uh Medical Treatments there have been
no uh like all the medical supplies that
have been supposed to enter Gaza have
not been entering since the beginning of
the ra incursion also a Ned hospital has
been alarming that they're very low on
fuel they're very low on medical in the
past couple of weeks so all of this is
overwhelming and more people are still
coming uh to the hospital being
transferred but also let me remind you
this is an entrance of a school an
entrance of a shelter where where
thousands of tal are Sheltering so it's
a very busy place and let me also tell
you that it's not the first busy
area that was targeted today earlier
today the market in in ban middle area
was also targeted and at least have been
killed so this is happening on hourly
basis and casualties are expected to
rise
cing all right hind there updating us on
the breaking news a strike at the
entrance of a school where Palestinians
have been taking Refuge we know there's
a number of casualties and extremely
Grizzly pictures some of which we we
can't show you um indicating that there
are a lot of people including children
body parts of children uh hin thanks for
updating us on that
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer